welcome home this is the Irish roots
cafe where every day is a holiday and
there's always room for one more this is
the Irish families worldwide broadcast
the first ever of its kind I'm Michael
Laughlin your host what is it all about
well it's just about anything Irish in
the world especially in the US Australia
Canada Ireland and England but we're
always looking for those other places
too so don't tune us out give us a call
let us know what's happening in your
part of the world and please do call in
with your observations and family
history if you have a mind to what kind
of things do have we talked about here
over the last three years well coat of
arms genealogy Tartans festivals
four-leaf clovers DNA ross castle
prophecy and dance history and fun what
else do we give you on our podcast and
you can also go to our blog check out
the written form of the podcast if you'd
like to but we talking about the history
of the family name of the week we pick a
family name and give the history of it a
name like Fitzgerald and talk about it
and curious news and notes from Ireland
what's happening here at the cafe the
website of the month and member family
searches and interviews are included
really it's whatever strikes your fancy
now we've also covered several
interesting things this year we've just
done a little bit on the dublin irish
festival we talked to iowa allison out
there and she told us how the festival
gets put together and how much fun it is
and how many surprises you might get we
talked about how DNA says that the Oh
Donna use of the Glen are really not the
o'donoghue's of the Glendon hmm and how
about Irish newspapers in America Molly
the Irish dancer Puff Daddy Browne
that's an interesting one for sure and
what about their oh the roots of
Muhammad Ali John McCain and Barack
Obama yep they all claim Irish roots and
we talked a little bit about it there
but we've overdone our limit here i'm
just asking it to listen in to this
podcast it's one of three that we've got
out there it's our lead podcast
and now it's time for Sweeney to clear
the floor Katie bar the door Molly put
on another pot of Irish coffee let's get
this show on the road
you